gh-114099: Additions to standard library to support iOS (#117052)
python/cpython: Doc/library/platform.rst

   Returns the system/OS name, such as ``'Linux'``, ``'Darwin'``, ``'Java'``,
   ``'Windows'``. An empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined.

   On iOS, this returns the OS name (i.e, ``'iOS``` or ``'iPadOS'``), rather than

>    the kernel name (``'Darwin'``).

Reviewer: Might as well include Android here to avoid merge conflicts.

```suggestion
   On iOS and Android, this returns the user-facing OS name (i.e, ``'iOS``, 
   ``'iPadOS'`` or ``'Android'``). To obtain the kernel name (``'Darwin'`` or 
   ``'Linux'``), use :func:`os.uname()`.
```

   Returns the system's release version, e.g. ``'#3 on degas'``. An empty string is
   returned if the value cannot be determined.

   On iOS, this is the iOS version, not the Darwin kernel version. To obtain

>    the Darwin kernel version, use :func:`os.uname()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On iOS and Android, this is the user-facing OS version. To obtain the 
   Darwin or Linux kernel version, use :func:`os.uname()`.
```

   Entries which cannot be determined are set to ``''``.  All tuple entries are
   strings.

iOS Platform
------------

.. function:: ios_ver(system='', release='', machine='', is_simulator=False)

   Get iOS version information and return it as tuple ``(system, release,
   machine, is_simulator)`` with *release* being a tuple ``(major, minor)``.

>    ``system`` is the OS name; either ``iOS`` or ``iPadOS``. ``release`` is the
>    iOS version number as a string (e.g., ``'17.2'``). ``machine`` is the device
>    model identifier; this will be a string like ``iPhone13,2`` for a physical
>    device, or ``iPhone`` on a simulator. ``is_simulator`` is a boolean
>    describing if the app is running on a simulator or a physical device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * ``system`` is the OS name; either ``iOS`` or ``iPadOS``. 
   * ``release`` is the iOS version number as a string (e.g., ``'17.2'``). 
   * ``machine`` is the device model identifier; this will be a string like ``iPhone13,2`` for a physical device, or ``iPhone`` on a simulator. 
   * ``is_simulator`` is a boolean describing if the app is running on a simulator or a physical device.
```
just a suggestions after reading through it on the rendered docs side.
Exciting changes :)

Author: I've just made this change - thanks for the suggestion!

   Entries which cannot be determined are set to ``''``.  All tuple entries are
   strings.

iOS Platform
------------

> .. function:: ios_ver(system='', release='', machine='', is_simulator=False)

Reviewer: The implementation and the PEP both use the name `model`, which distinguishes it from the use of `machine` elsewhere in this module to refer to an architecture.

Author: 👍 Looks like a copy-paste oversight.

   Get iOS version information and return it as tuple ``(system, release,

>    machine, is_simulator)`` with *release* being a tuple ``(major, minor)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Get iOS version information and return it as a :func:`~collections.namedtuple`
   with the following attributes:
```

   * ``system`` is the OS name; either ``iOS`` or ``iPadOS``.
   * ``release`` is the iOS version number as a string (e.g., ``'17.2'``).
   * ``machine`` is the device model identifier; this will be a string like

>      ``iPhone13,2`` for a physical device, or ``iPhone`` on a simulator.

Reviewer: Inconsistent use of quotes.

Reviewer: Still missing quotes around `iOS`, `iPadOS`, and `iPhone13,2`.

   * ``is_simulator`` is a boolean describing if the app is running on a
     simulator or a physical device.

>    Entries which cannot be determined are set to ``''``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Entries which cannot be determined are set to the defaults given as 
   parameters.
```
